# Abstract
The Stroubles Creek Web Tour is a web-based application that takes users on an information-rich tour of eight select locations along Stroubles Creek in Blacksburg, Virginia. The creek is approximately 12 miles long and is partially underground, making touring the stream in-person difficult. The Web Tour focuses on increasing accessibility to the place and nature of the creek through an interesting and interactive experience for users. The experience is focused around four Virginia Standards Of Learning (SOLs), which are manifested in: the environment surrounding the creek, history of the creek, wildlife in and around the creek, and the watershed of the creek. Our tour includes the green roof, rain garden, War Memorial Gym, the Blacksburg Mill, the beaver dam, the Duckpond, the Grove detention, and the Smithfield Lot which all highlight at least one of the SOLs each.

The principal HCI challenges addressed in this project concerns the tradeoffs of navigation and narrative; specifically, maintaining overview, theme, and detail information across multiple spatial locations. When looking for data and sources to use for our model, we wanted to balance users intending to use the tour for leisure purposes and users intending to use the tour for educational purposes. The tour was controlled and accessed through an ordered route, beginning in Blacksburg and ending towards Radford, where users could go forward or back at their own pace. At each spatial location, multimedia information is presented in its context (wildlife, runoff, historic development, …). The effectiveness of the tour can be measured by pre-post tests on SOL content (objective effectiveness) and by subjective metrics of enjoyment and engagement. Future work will include subject matter expert review (K-12 teachers, biological systems engineers, etc) and customization of the tour for different age groups.

# React Components
App: The app component sets up the general layout of the web page by creating a background and defining several functions that are used throughout the project. The backgorund component sets up the instructions that are displayed on the first page and sets up forward and back buttons depending on the page that the project is rendered on. Lastly, the page component determines which location page the project is rendered to then displays the appropriate information for that specific location. The page component also sets up forward and back buttons for the images, so the user can click through several images for each location. Additionally, the page component takes care of displaying additional resourcing and the Virginia SOL that the location focuses on when the user clicks the "More Information" button. 

# Instructions on how to run
Depending on which IDE you use, running the web tour on a local server could be very easy. WebStorm provides a run button located at the top right corner of the screen that runs the required commands to open the project in a local server. If the IDE does not provide a run button that works with React, the project can be run using the terminal. First, navigate to the folder that the project is in. Build the project by running "npm run build", then start the program by running "npm start". The "npm start" command runs the application at http:localholst:3000. 
